new information is leaked regarding
the case of olivita de mar with Dallas
review a possible complaint that would not have
had any follow-up streamer friend
of Mr doctor accuses Dallas of grooming
and points him out directly with
slander a straight white guy
speaks out forcefully and wants to
leave the country fed up with taxes
and the situation in Spain the
controversy continues with Greg eche's Lightning McQueen car
would have admitted to committing
some infractions behind the wheel that would not be
the first time and having deceived
the police the tiktoker Ángel Gaitán
would have had a problem hiring
immigrants in his workshop and they would have
left him stranded Rubio signs a new
contract a millionaire contract that would
make him even richer than he is and the
sad news of the death of a
vegan influencer and the networks make fun
of her death all this to the family and much
more here on your favorite gossip channel
What's up my kids How are you
delighted to be here one more day with
you for all the gossip and all the
news related to
influencers with streamers and
youtubers and things
internet virals remember that I'm here
every day trying to be more or
less at the same time but if you don't want to
miss anything I upload I
recommend that you subscribe by activating the
bell and trust that YouTube will
notify you that that would be another one, for
example, apart from the news these days
we are also uploading a series of
videos that I have made reacting and
dismantling point by point this kind
of documentary that the
tiktoker would have made against the review
throwing all the accusations of his
past in another order of things well I have to
tell you that on this channel it is
completely mandatory
that you press the Like button if you don't
like the video it looks very bad it's going to
look very bad and you will tell me because
I'm already fed up with those comments no oh
But Javi is that you are asking for like
How can you ask for like and be such a heavy
[ __ ] you are asking us to like
the video without even having seen it
but who do you think you are shootercock
And yes maybe it gives a little cringe
but that's what I'm asking you to
remember in the  news every
day I'm giving away a Harlequin video game
stay tuned
a code will appear on the screen that you can redeem
okay let's not say it I haven't said it damn
how boring let's stop
rolling make yourself comfortable And let's get down to business what would be
the alleged complaint
that limits filed with the prosecutor's office of her
country against gives the review
reported okay it doesn't matter since you delete
the accounts a complaint that if
the accounts don't work out for me anymore would have been
filed more than five years ago between
5 and 10 years so I think you don't have to
be very intelligent to
assume and confirm that this complaint has not
had its course the girl effectively
filed a complaint and there is proof
obviously censored data and all this
but it really is there look Here there is a
seal of preaching
publicly and accompanied it by a
complaint now we don't know Well let's see if it is
suspected no Yes in fact she herself
indicates What happened with this complaint
within the process within the country No
she more or less I did it by WhatsApp right
now suddenly we can see I
'm already tired I don't know  100% how
the judicial system works in this
country but as far as I understand
normally when a case is closed,
as I was saying, it is evident that
this case is more than closed,
closed and buried when a case
is closed, it is impossible to
touch it again, you cannot reopen a case
that has already been closed unless it
was provisionally dismissed or something like that.
The thing is that they forget
the conversations that Dallas has
shown. Well, he could be crazy about one
thing or another, suddenly
one year he would appear making peace with
Dallas, or suddenly the
next day he would go on about something else and
tell you that he had not continued with the
case because he was lazy, really
surely what happened was that when he
saw everything that I had posted and some
things that did not add up and that they could
end up investigating, he preferred to let
things be so that they would not
turn against him. We were talking
about a space that Levita made with some
people with some tweeters who have like
multiple accounts that are in charge of
insulting Dallas, that's how they have like multiple
accounts, some have channels that are
dedicated  full Dallas okay, I mean they are
accounts and multi-accounts on Twitter with
Dallas's face making parodies,
taking things from him all the time
insulting him, making offensive memes,
messing with his sister, messing with I do
n't know who, anyway, they are accounts to
hate Dallas you are a sick friend
this girl olivita was doing
a space with them that is not on Twitter
But some people could have
recovered in this space that they are
recovering and they are publishing some
clips little by little I think it lasts like an
hour and a half or something like that I have not had the
opportunity to listen to it only some parts I think we will
not have the opportunity I do
not know if someone will publish it in full she has
commented on some things that seem
quite powerful to me or limits she comments that
in her country several youtubers treated her
as if she were a p and literally
states that they abused her
I was a girl I was alone I wanted
validation like a lot of
13 12 year old girls want a brother-in-law We are in the
Internet age But that is not why
all the things that
happened to me had to happen to me I mean they treated me like
a prostitute but a
free prostitute and  They sent people to hotels to
entertain a bunch of
YouTubers, that acid guy who is now
in jail because he liked the 6
year old girl, who was at that party, that Luca
Garofalo was at that party and you know
what? I'm tired of keeping quiet about all
those shitty experiences that I had, I have never
heard of in my life and look, I have been
going around gossip about
these YouTubers that the
girl mentioned in this audio for a while now, but doing a
search on YouTube I found
some videos that would talk about
these YouTubers that she mentioned, and I don't
know if there are more. No, because if it is a
party where there were many YouTubers, well,
I imagine there would be many more. I wish they would
give more names to know
to what extent and how serious the
matter is and who they were, but about those
that have been mentioned there are some videos on
YouTube that would tell of shady episodes
with minors regarding them, so
everything they are telling on Twitter
doesn't sound very strange to me, other
conversations that came to light
show him inviting very young girls to
his house to sleep in his bed and he tells them
that  I want to eat their mouths always
insisting that they don't tell anything or he'll get
angry, he asked others for photos by
sticking out his tongue in another case, super
screwed up, a 13 year old girl tells him that she
wants to break his anus verbatim, I repeat, yes, you
heard it right, break his anus, he made
another one suck him off in the street, he
tried to have sex also at that
time he sent another different one
messages saying that she had a
dog's mouth, I'm saying everything verbatim as
the messages are, there are even audios
like this one where Unfortunately it is noticeable
that it is his voice, we could say
that it is someone imitating him or whatever.
But well, it's splitting hairs, rotten rotten, she's
better. What
is true is that it would have caught the
attention of many people on Twitter who have
listened to this space, it would be because he
is not talking about those other youtubers and he has
spent so many years exposing only
the Dallas case that,
personally, if we start to compare, I think there
is no comparison with what he
is saying in that audio that we
just heard here, he could have
had conversations that in the end
turned out to be quite dubious.
Oh, I doubt it and  however, she doesn't say anything about this
in another audio that is going
viral on Twitter or it limits me,
I would affirm that there are people very interested
in removing Dallas from the networks that they would
even be putting money to
help her with judicial issues or
whatever, but that they would be putting or
offering her money, I need to cut
this off and I'm going to cut it off in any [ __ ] way
necessary if it's necessary for me to
leave, to travel to Spain to a court, I'm
going to do it crazy because there are people who
are putting money up for this to go
forward
because nobody wants this Gil to continue
being on the YouTube platform
talking badly about everyone and setting the worst
example for the children because the worst of
all is that the children are the people who
watch his videos and on top
of that, these girls would sign that some
people from the past of giving the review
for things from the past What the [ __ ] that they would have been
trying to contact
alleged victims of this youtuber to
try to cancel it judicially and in
the media they would have started
conversations with her as well to
try to support her also to come out and
speak
that she was going to be like the previous girls
I'm not looking down on them but
when the
previous girls reported him they didn't have a
strong case because there was a
situation in which a certain person whose
name I'm not going to say started talking
to victims, I also talked to them
because she was resentful, she was
spiteful like we are when we break up
a relationship she wanted to accuse him of things and it backfired she
came across
as if he is a good guy but with me
it's different about the latter
obviously we're not going to be surprised it was already
talked about in its day and I think there are
even sentences that speak of this what has
been too blatant and
too strong is Octavio's friend
known as Mister Doctor one of the
last strong controversies of Dallas that
suddenly have been very overshadowed
with all this that has come out because this
guy who at the time was like in
contact with the doctor about the
debate with Dallas was defending him and so on
suddenly he would have
directly accused Dallas of something but without
holding back absolutely a hair, I mean I'm
hallucinating Andras don't go see the
Dallas video don't go see it they're going to give him
money  they're going to give likes to a pedophile we
assume he's a pedophile because I'm going to
say they're already telling me well you
always go around saying that everyone is
mentally ill and a liar why
not say the same about you no what we
're seeing these
screenshots as it is being seen the
complete case sounds like pedophilia yes it smells like
pedophilia pedophilia room it reads like
pedophilia I don't know you wrote a tweet
saying that people over 13 can
[ __ ] it
sounds like pedophilia to me anyway incredible
speechless no the clip speaks for itself Well there it is it has
gone very viral in
fact it has even come out in the press in
various media a click of
a straight white guy exploding
against Spain and stating that he has
completely decided to leave the country
to pay taxes elsewhere because you are
fed up with the situation in Spain not
only with the issue of taxes
which of course
also is that well the latest in the
elections in Spain well it has been
quite surprising the truth is that
I did not expect this
at all after the four years that we have
been and all the things that are
happening to us and  how they are
making fun of us in our faces they do
n't pee and people have voted for
him again, I mean it's absolutely
incredible we are going to go bankrupt but I
mean literally I mean we are going to go bankrupt
but yes let's see, I'm going to leave Spain
100% 100% I mean it's already decided on
Sunday it was like the straw that broke the
camel's back the reason is Clara let's see, in
the last three years they have
multiplied the
self-employed tax that I was paying by three in about three
years man I mean I started paying
something that I also understand at the
beginning when you start and now I'm
paying almost 600 bucks this shows no
signs of stopping this shows no signs of
stopping and what I'm seeing right now what
the product of these
elections is a Pedro Sánchez capable
of literally mortgaging his mother to
stay four more years in office and to be
able to continue using the falcon that is
on the one hand negotiating with sumar that they
want to put in Yes or yes because Yolanda
Díaz is going to continue being the Minister of
Labor vice president of Spain blah  blah
blah blah blah they want to introduce yes it is
yes or yes the universal inheritance the
20,000 turkeys because tremendous shock
effect then on the other hand is that it was
republican it has demanded that
the budgets have to have
20,000 million more for Catalonia the
other day we were reading that
pensions had reached
historical highs I mean the situation of
Spain in the hands of whoever is in these
moments does not seem that in the
short medium term will be able to apply
policies so that people like me are not
literally being
eaten systematically to
maintain a [ __ ] Chiringuito a [ __ ]
party that I do not get balls it
is very simple that let's see I was already
thinking of leaving before that
Sánchez
won and so on but the fact is that now I
see that the will of the Spanish people is
more Pedro Sánchez more Pedro Sánchez with
more pacts with more with those of sumar with
those of esquerra with bildu here with bildu
there with agreements here
gentlemen uncle gentlemen well okay but
where are we going what is the future of all
this in another order of things continues  the
controversy people are debating very
strongly on networks with the issue of Lightning
McQueen, he has the customized one from Greg
that he would have put several things on the
car, it is not only that it is ugly
but I have done several things to the car
that violate the laws of driving
Greg in one click ASSUMES and claims that he
knows he recognizes that what he has put the
windows cannot be carried because it goes
against the traffic regulations
but according to him and I think he says this
half jokingly ironically he deceived the
police as if he were an entertainer okay he
was only on that road of the
stadium where the last
King lich event was held and they allowed him to
do it that is why you cannot drive with your
eyes you cannot drive what
happens is that since it was in the Metropolitan
on a single road Well I told the
police Hey look police I just took
out this car I am an entertainer for
Uriol Querol and Gerard Piqué to liven up
the surroundings of the stadium a bit and I
come with this car to turn
people around with my eyes but all this
is agreed with the  kingsley lie I
made it all up but the police told me
Oh okay no problem obviously when
leaving the stadium well I had to
remove his eyes but man you had to
drive around in the car with your eyes no
but why do we do that but I
already removed his eyes because well it was
to record the video there alone on the
Metropolitan road and obviously
with that you can't drive if
even I had trouble seeing a little it
looked good but you can't
drive like that let's see some stuff could it be that
this is a lie in fact if
we check the place where he put the
vinyls he himself promoted it in
his last video with the place where
the Civitas Metropolitano is we're
talking about there depending on the road he
takes between 15 and 20 kilometers So he's
had a good walk around Madrid he's
taken a good walk with his eyes on
and not just the opposites it's that they
are the eyes that they have on the
glass and the
windows themselves are painted and that can't be
done it's illegal here
personally I repeat what
I said in the previous videos  I think he doesn't care
that they've probably fined him.
If they haven't stopped him and fined him,
then he'll surely receive photographs
and things like that where
the fines arrive, he'll pay them because it's
money that falls on the ground, he doesn't
pick it up and he doesn't care, apart from the
windows, the type of driving he does, there
are several clicks where you can see him
doing certain accelerations and
certain things that you can't do,
but he doesn't care. I've already
done it in Andorra and there have been a lot of
clicks of him doing whatever he wants
with the car
[Applause]
According to willyrreck,
since I killed this one, this other one, I would
like to show it to people, at some
point they took away his license And he had to
drive around with a chauffeur for I don't know how many months for the
same reason because he did and drove in a way
that shouldn't be done, that's not possible and that
is also dangerous. By the way, Okay, and I
have a lot of idiots in the
comments, Javi. It's that his
car, he has money, he can do whatever
he wants, no, you can't do whatever you
want with your car  if you
could do whatever you wanted to your car,
half of the cars
would have colorful lights instead of
positioning lights, you can't
put screens on them, you can't put a
lot of things on them that go against the
regulations, that's how it is, I don't care, I'm not
going to stand there in the roundabout and stop him
and fine him, I'm not a Civil Guard, I
'm telling you the data and the
information that is there, surely on
some occasion browsing through TikTok you will
have come across a video of the mechanic
Ángel Gaitán in the last few days
a clip of his has gone quite viral where he
told about the experience he had
hiring a person who came from
another country and he helped him, he welcomed him into his
work so that the boy could train,
specialize, getting him the papers
and what happened to him when he
got him the papers, colleagues,
we are going to talk about immigration, we are going to
talk about people without papers, we are going to
talk about entrepreneurs like me who have
given the opportunity to people to
work in the workshop, here I should be
sitting and Sam, I don't remember the last name, it's
a bit complicated and Sam is a boy of
Moroccan nationality who came
About a year ago, to my
facilities for one of the tests to
start working here with a lot of
enthusiasm, a lot of energy. I made a video
for YouTube and my team and I,
a year after that video, we started
moving the paperwork so that Isam could
work with us, he didn't have papers
20 days ago they gave him the papers
four or five days ago he is no longer here. Let me
explain, he came to work with us
after a year of lawyers,
bureaucracy, emails,
time measures and I say losses because he is
no longer here, my team has thrown themselves into
it, we have all welcomed him as one of our own
and after all the bureaucracy, I
repeat, almost a year of paying the others,
all this gentleman, he was granted the
papers and he lasted 15 days in the
company, he wrote us an email at 3:50
in the morning saying that he will not
come anymore. I spoke to him afterwards. I
have been waiting four days to make
this video because he said he was going to come
to sign the papers, he has not signed the
resignation, he has not signed the letter that he was
leaving  He sent us an email and that's it, he tells me that he
is super grateful, that the
salary was wonderful, that the
conditions were very good, but that the
schedule was really bad for him, the
summer schedule, that he had to get up very early and
that it was really bad for him, that he couldn't give his all, that he
respects me, that he loves me, that he will
always carry me in his heart, it has
screwed us up, yes, I have gotten the papers, now
what now to collect benefits and Sam, the day you
came you made me feel so sorry for you, I was in
tears in the video that we
recorded for YouTube, I did everything
possible for you to work with us,
without training, without a driving license, the
only thing I seemed to see was that you really
wanted to, two days ago I received an email
because I told you that I was going to make this
video and you told me, do whatever you want,
Angel, you are within your rights,
of course, all that was missing was for you to tell me
now, what are my rights
because this is already surreal, but I
will be eternally grateful to
you, to your team, you have treated me great.
We have given you all the new clothes, for what they
cost, you have kept them,
obviously we do not want them, we are not
going to give them to you.  used already another person doesn't
last even 15 days in the company all the
colleagues have open arms they
are looked after like a [ __ ] mother dude and
you've thrown yourself away because you already have the
papers you didn't know our schedule
During this year you didn't know where we
were During this year if you didn't have anything to
eat if nobody gave you work
instead of being in the center of Madrid
because you don't know what I'm doing here
in the room after I sent you
this email you tell me that it's a
hot decision that you reflect and that you
want to come back I've told you that
trains only come once in this life
now it doesn't make sense after you've
left us hanging and we've given you a
discharge Don't tell me now that you want to come
back because I say that I'm going to make a
video you tell me that you've had a really bad time
at the family level how about that like we
all have problems but it's that
we've spent a year
looking for your papers dude and you already
have them and you've thrown yourself away you've left us
hanging you started to paint a wall
because how about doing nothing you started to
paint a wall that we said Hey we have to
paint This wall come on  you left it
stuck there and you left surreal surreal
so you know and Sam in the
15 days that he's been here has earned
1000 and some euros It's already cost us
in terms of salary surreal
really surreal when I made the
video one of his previous bosses wrote to me and
I told him I'm not going to
give you any credibility I'm not going to say
anything because you had a contract with a
person without papers for me you don't have
any kind of respect either, I mean
this is how it is you if you hire someone
without papers you're doing it wrong
directly So we waited
waited and he wanted to come without papers
he wanted to and he didn't come not a single day
until we were certain that
the documentation was there Why am I
telling you all this Well because I
want you to know also What's the
other side of the coin is, we want to help we want to give
a vote of confidence to the people this doesn't
mean that all Moroccans
are bad Or that all Spaniards
are good or that they all don't go down that
route but in this case it's a
person without documentation without papers who
comes and makes us see that he is  having a
really bad time that nobody helps him and I
turn around I help him my team turns around
help stranded this is Spain This is what's
happening there are no people to
work and the one who really seems to
come to work as soon as He has the
papers well no longer works now
my assumptions probably now they will
collect some aid and live the good life
but this Hey it's
my assumption Maybe I'm thinking badly after
this what's happening at the
moment is that he's having certain
problems to find new
workers Because well because
people now in the summer it's
very hot and if they already collect some
Paquita or already have some aid or
whatever well man if you give me the choice
then I'm at home lying on the sofa
Yes with the air conditioning at 20
degrees colleagues a little while ago I
was just here recording with
Spanish television live because they
came to ask me what's happening with the
issue of the workers that there are no
workers that don't want to work that
electromechanics for
electric vehicles not to look or electromechanics
for electric vehicles or anything the
gentleman who was on the set said
something that didn't  liked And I haven't had
the chance to argue So
I'm saying it here publicly for all the
people for all my viewers no I don't
know how much this gentleman will watch in Spanish
but I think you're going to see a
few of me after saying this there are no
people who want commitment there are no people
who want to work it's not about
precarious contracts It's not true that there
will be that you can't generalize of
course but in our industry in
our sector what there isn't what there isn't
is commitment Why well it's very
simple Because because I'm leaving
here right now if I'm Spanish I'm even
more screwed but if I'm not Spanish no
Goodbye colleague the
Spanish television reporter more people but yes if
I'm Spanish I'm still entitled to
help if I'm a foreigner like what
happened to us with Isaam who I'm not racist but but I do get
very angry with these
things a year to do the paperwork we
register him we train him we prepare his
clothes we prepare everything and he leaves us
hanging after 15 days and he leaves
as long as in this country we continue to see help
for people who can work There won't be
workers nor will there be people who
worry about training and qualifying
to work in different positions Yesterday
a friend Juan who is dedicated to
Diego's campaign in Extremadura told me that he does
n't have people to pick figs nobody
wants that job because the help and
being at home cool you say Well you
spend little or working and spending your
time in the sun is not worth it
Unlike money you earn
therefore the aid for people who have
needs disabilities elderly and
people with real problems the one who
has two hands and two legs and the
head works to work I don't know if you
will agree with me but I
am applauding him with my ears
with my ears The problem is that of
course the problem is that this is not going to
change and it is not going to be carried out
because this type of aid that this
socialist government puts out makes
people go vote vote for these parties and that's it
and here the one who hurts is the one who
pays the taxes Rubius has signed
a contract with Twitch with which
apparently he is going to earn a lot and he is going to be
very comfortable so much so that he has warned
his followers that from  from now on there will
be fewer ads in their live streams
because they no longer need to put them and the
live streams will be more enjoyable, not because you
won't skip so many ads while you
're watching them you are not a subscriber I have
negotiated so that we have
many fewer ads on this channel So it's a positive thing from today you're going to see many fewer ads on my channel
with which the streams will be much more
enjoyable I will earn less money but I don't care
because I already have money so
from now on, obviously you're
going to continue seeing ads And such But
not as many as before I ask you to be serious
for the next news obviously
and unfortunately it is the second video in a row
if I'm not mistaken the second
newscast in a row in which we have to
give sad news a
vegan influencer has passed away and there are many people
who are laughing at her death on social
networks I'm going to really read what
happened to this woman okay
because you start reading and suddenly you
realize what is really
going on that has nothing to
do with being vegan okay the
Russian influence ta ta ta ta She has passed away
last July 21st starvation after 10
years following an extreme diet 10 years
that if you tell me that she started five
months and you say she died of malnutrition
Well it seems that the girl doesn't but she was
an aunt who understood because she had been on it for 10
years you know it's complicated but well a
regime that she promoted through the
profile raw Food creation by zanadyart
where she defined herself as a nutritionist and
chef born in Russia and resident in
Thailand zana offered advice to
have a healthy life through a
raw and vegan diet consisting
only of fruits seeds and
natural juices let's see that's not even
being vegan It's an even more
extreme branch of what a vegan diet can be
as we see here that it is
raw vegan which is no longer what it was
this vegan girl is that she was a
raw vegan who only ate fruits
seeds and natural juices according to what they
said from the young woman's environment she had
gone six years without drinking water
this also has nothing to do with being
vegan I also tell you why I am
attracted solely and exclusively
to juices and smoothies  that was prepared
with exotic fruits I see how my body and
mind feel every day said San
Sonova on her Instagram I love my body I love
my new self Sorry I'm never going back to
the habits I used to use right now there's been
a completely
controversial debate on social media regarding
this type of diet and this type of
regimen in the end I'm never going to give you
nutritional advice or anything like that
I can tell you who my
dietician is Who my personal trainer is
or anything like that that I've done
but of course always go to
professionals I believe that we are made
to eat everything and I think it's more than
evident that the body needs everything I
understand that you can do diets
temporarily like the one I did There are not
three weeks left it was a
strong diet it was a strict diet the
truth is that it cost me a lot of work but of
course 10 years 10 years feeding yourself on
fruit seeds anyway there are things that
you are missing and no matter how much we are
animalists or whatever we want to
be in the end the body is made for
what it is made for and you cannot change
nature But well what about this  I will
be reading in the
comments box family up to here
today's video I hope it has been to
your liking I understand that if you
have reached this point of the video it
will be And I am glad as
auronplay said before
Congratulations to whoever has won the
video game here on the screen I
will be showing you how to redeem it because by the
way editor I owe you
money now that I remember I owe you money remind me when you are editing this or screw you screw you and nothing family you can also collaborate with the channel if you want my editor to eat by becoming a member sending super thanks which are like the Super chats but in the
videos instead of the live ones okay or so
sounds are exactly the same as the
Super chat but in the videos and
the comment appears there in the
comment box but highlighted in colors and
I will answer you everything watch out that I can
answer the comment leave me a super
Thanks there in the chat man let
the chat be seen in colors let it not be said let it not be
said family I send you a
huge kiss you are  very important to me we
see each other here every day and bye bye
[Music]